joash was seven years old when he became
King and he reigned 40 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier
of Beersheba joash did what was right in
the sight of the Lord all the days of
jehoiada the priest and jehoiada took
two wives for him and he had sons and
daughters now it happened after this
that joash set his heart on repairing
the house of the Lord then he gathered
the priest from the Levites and said to
them go out to the cities of Judah and
gather from all Israel money to repair
the house of your God from year to year
and see that you do it quickly
however the Levites did not do it
quickly so the king called cahaya the
chief priests why have you not required
the Levites to bring in from Judah and
from Jerusalem the collection according
to the commandment of Moses the servant
of the Lord and of the Assembly of
Israel for the tabernacle of witness for
the sons of Atholl I that wicked woman
had broken into the house of God and had
also presented all the dedicated things
of the house of the Lord to the Bailes
then at the king's command
they made a chest and set it outside at
the gate of the house of the Lord and
they made a proclamation throughout
Judah and Jerusalem to bring to the Lord
the collection that Moses the servant of
God had imposed on Israel in the
wilderness then all the leaders and all
the people rejoiced brought their
contributions and put them into the
chest until all had given
so it was at that time when the chest
was brought to the Kings official by the
hand of the Levites and when they saw
that there was much money that the Kings
scribe and the high priest officer came
and emptied the chests and took it and
returned it to its place
thus they did day by day
and gathered money in abundance the king
and jehoiada gave it to those who did
the work of the service of the house of
the Lord and they hired Mason's and
carpenters to repair the house of the
Lord and also those who worked in iron
and bronze to restore the house of the
Lord
so the workmen labored and the work was
completed by them they restored the
house of God to its original condition
and reinforced it when they had finished
they brought the rest of the money
before the king and jehoiada they made
from it articles for the house of the
Lord
articles for serving and offering spoons
and vessels of gold and silver and they
offered burnt offerings in the house of
the Lord continually all the days of
jehoiada but jehoiada grew old and was
full of days and he died
he was 130 years old when he died
and they buried him in the City of David
among the Kings because he had done good
in Israel both toward God and his house
now after the death of jehoiada the
leaders of Judah came and bowed down to
the king and the King listened to them
therefore they left the house of the
Lord God of their fathers and served
wooden images and idols and wrath came
upon Judah and Jerusalem because of
their trespass yet he sent prophets to
them to bring them back to the Lord and
they testified against them but they
would not listen then the Spirit of God
came upon Zechariah the son of jehoiada
the priest who stood above the people
thus says God why do you transgress the
commandments of the Lord so that you
cannot prosper because you have forsaken
the Lord he also has forsaken you
so they conspired against him and at the
command of the king they stoned him with
stones in the court of the house of the
Lord
so George the king I did not remember
the tightness which drew Hoya to his
father had done to him but killed his
son and as he died he said so it
happened in the spring of the year that
the army of Syria came up against him
and they came to Judah and Jerusalem and
destroyed all the leaders of the people
from among the people and sent all their
spoil to the king of damascus for the
army of the syrians came with a small
company of men but the Lord delivered a
very great army into their hand because
they had forsaken the Lord God of their
fathers
so they executed judgment against Jewish
and when they had withdrawn from him for
they left him severely wounded his own
servants conspired against him because
of the blood of the sons of jehoiada the
priest and killed him on his bed so he
died and they buried him in the City of
David but they did not bury him in the
tombs of the Kings these are the ones
who conspired against him
zaiba the son of shaniyah
the ammonite is Anjou has Abed the son
of shem ruth the moabite is now
concerning his sons and the many
articles about him and the repairing of
the house of God indeed they are written
in the annals of the book of the kings
then Amaziah his son reigned in his
place
[Music]